Release Notes for FreeNAS 9.2.1.6-RC2

o  Samba updated to 4.1.9, ldb to version 1.1.17, and tdb to version 1.3.0

o  Netatalk updated to 3.1.2

o  Added extra safety belts and sane ACL behavior for CIFS sharing.

	Now when a ZFS dataset is created with the type set to Windows, or a
	Windows share is created on an existing dataset with "Apply Default
	Permissions" checked (a new GUI option in the CIFS sharing dialog),
	FreeNAS will make sure that the ACLs / ownerships are set properly
	for Windows and it will also make sure that the behavior of chmod(2)
	is set in ZFS such that it does not also destroy the Inherit, Delete
	or Delete Child ACLs whenever it's used.

o  No longer useful Inherit Owner, Inherit Permissions and Inherit ACLs GUI options
removed.  They can still be set in Auxiliary parameters if truly desired.

o  Delete potentially harmful kmem size tunables created (in former times) by
the autotuner.  Also updated autotuner to set tunables and sysctls according
to current best practices.

o Jails now auto-start properly when importing a volume containing jails.

o The System Dataset now has its own Settings UI that allows you to control
the placement of various sub-datasets under it.

o The System Dataset will now migrate if you change the pool assignment,
preserving your data and also moving it off the previous pool.

o Several bugs which broke ZFS snapshot replication when snapshots expired
before replication could complete successfully, or if the connection between
the replication peers failed, have been fixed.

o A new Virtualbox jail template has been added.  Supporting Virtualbox in a
jail is as easy as creating an instance of this template.

o A .usb image is now being distributed that can be imaged to a USB key.  This
will boot into the installer which can ease installation on systems without
an optical drive.  This image will also work if burned to a CD.

o Pool import time for healthy pools has been improved by a factor of 3x in
many cases.

o FreeNAS now includes the mpr driver, which is the officially sanctioned
LSI 12 Gbps SAS HBA driver.  Users who were using a tunable to load mps3
(the beta LSI driver) can safely delete that tunable as that driver has
been removed from the build and replaced by the official driver.

o FreeNAS includes an experimental in kernel iSCSI target, which can be
enabled via the services -> iSCSI settings screen.  Changing between the
userland iSCSI target and the new kernel iSCSI target requires a reboot.
Additionally while one should be able to migrate between targets at will this
has not been well tested and VMWare at least notices the change.  The new
target is designed to be backed by zvols.  While it works with files not
all features are enabled and performance may suffer.  The new target also
enables FC target mode with a few additional tweaks.

This is, again, an experimental feature largely aimed at Windows 2012
installations as an alternative to the stable, but feature-frozen, istgt
(user-mode iSCSI) implementation.
